Master Wang has good skills
Hahaha
Boss Feng is a good way
Master He, as long as you like it, it's nothing
Hey, what do you think of the strength of this technique?
Boss Feng, I'm not here to pinch my legs
Your baby girl took a student
Bullied both of my sons
Don't you think
Do you have to give me an explanation?
Hey
Talk
I heard that kid is from Chen Tianshi.
You also know the small family of our Feng family
We don't matter
What are you afraid of?
Chen Tianshi has left the voyage
The current voyage is my royal world
In a few days, Mr. Qin will come to talk to me about cooperation.
Although this traitor Chen is a treasure appraisal master
But Mr. Qin
That's the antique king
He just wanted a word.
White can be said to be black
Hey, if Master Huang says so
Don't worry, we will be the Feng family in the future.
Just try it on as Huang Lainima
Hahaha, don't worry.
After Xiaoxue comes back
I will definitely teach him a good lesson, haha.
Oh, forgive me, Dad.
Huashan, you
Xuan Xuan, you are not filial
Hurry up and kneel down
Why why you
How dare you ask why?
How did you offend the bad young master?
I didn't do anything.
Didn't hum
Sister, don't hold on
Now the whole trip is known
You had sex with the bridge guy
Even for a man
Offended the Fang family and the royal family
And I fired you
When you see black and white, you obviously shut up
hard work
I'm so disappointed with your father.
Let you take good care of your brother
How did you do that?
You fired your brother for that man?
I'll take your store back tomorrow.
Why?
I built that store with my own hands
Boss Feng, your daughter seems a little dissatisfied.
Hey, hey, dad
he
He is obedient
Same as a child
Have you lost all your face?